It’s hard to come up with good ideas!
The deadline for poster proposals is next week!
Is everyone thinking of something?
This year’s school festival theme is
"Every cloud has a silver lining."
If we can overcome this challenge, I wonder
if we will have a fun school festival under the blue sky.
"Every cloud has a silver lining" sounds like something a
character in a manga would say, doesn’t it?
Let the character appear on the poster with a speech balloon
saying, "Every cloud has a silver lining"! Is this not possible?
If the character is unacceptable, how about casually using
a sword, a costume, or other partial items?
Just borrow a motif.
Motifs...or something better from a different angle.
Every cloud has a silver lining…
This picture of the blue sky and meadows might be an
"Every cloud has a silver lining" kind of picture.
Put the university’s mascot character on a picture like this...
I have an idea! Have the mascot character wear a kimono
that resembles the manga.
Since we’re not using the character directly,
that should work, right?
I know it’s my fault,
but isn’t your head totally full of that manga?
But I often see a lot of works on the Internet based on popular
manga.
I wonder what the copyrights are for those...
Can we use things like the university mascot character,
or the university emblem, without permission?
Is it okay if it’s a poster for a school festival?
There seem to be some rules.